c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\bin\Debug\KinjoApp.exe.config
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\bin\Debug\KinjoApp.exe
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\bin\Debug\KinjoApp.pdb
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp.g.resources
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp.exe
c:\users\jorgeagomez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp.pdb
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\KinjoApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Appetizer.g.cs
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Appetizer.baml
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Sushi.g.cs
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Sushi.baml
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Sashimi.g.cs
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Sashimi.baml
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Maki.g.cs
C:\Users\JorgeAGomez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinjoApp\KinjoApp\obj\Debug\Maki.baml
